docs: add Parameter Type Mismatching (#135)
vrchat-community/creator-docs: Docs/docs/avatars/animator-parameters.md

When using an avatar that has both Quest and PC versions uploaded, parameters are synced by their position in the parameters list and their parameter type, **not** by the names of the parameters. For a given parameter to sync between PC and Quest, it has to be in the same position in the parameter list, and have the same parameter type. 

Given this, it can be a good idea to use the same Expression Parameters asset for both the PC and Quest versions of an avatar, even if one version doesn't make use of all the parameters.

> ### Parameter Type Mismatching
> 
> Besides the defined type of parameter, you can use different types in your Animator.
> When you're using a parameter in a different type than it was defined as, it will be cast to the type you're using.
> You may use this to use int parameters in BlendTree.
> 
> | Expression Type | Animator Type | Behavior                                               |
> |:----------------|:--------------|:-------------------------------------------------------|
> | `int`           | `float`       | Same as implicit cast in C#                            |
> | `int`           | `bool`        | `0` is `false`, anything else is `true`                |
> | `float`         | `int`         | Rounding half to even (same as [`Mathf.Round`][round]) |
> | `float`         | `bool`        | `0.0` is `false`, anything else is `true`              |
> | `bool`          | `int`         | `true` is `1`, `false` is `0`                          |
> | `bool`          | `float`       | `true` is `1.0`, `false` is `0.0`                      |
> 
> [round]: https://docs.unity3d.com/2022.3/Documentation/ScriptReference/Mathf.Round.html
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Mismatched Parameter Type Conversion

When you create a custom avatar parameter, it's usually a good idea to use the same [parameter type](https://creators.vrchat.com/avatars/animator-parameters/#parameter-types) in your [avatar expression menu](https://creators.vrchat.com/avatars/expression-menu-and-controls/#creating-an-expression-menu) and your [animator](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/AnimationParameters.html). However, you *can* use two different types for the same parameter.

VRChat will convert the value to the type used by the animator. For example, you can use an `int` or `bool` avatar expression parameter as a `float` in an Animator's [Blend Tree](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/class-BlendTree.html).

The table below shows how converting a mismatched parameter changes it. 

| Expression Type | Animator Type |                                                    Conversion Behavior                                                   | Example        |
|:---------------:|:-------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|----------------|
| `int`           | `float`       | Directly converted to `float`.                                                                                | `1` → `1.0`    |
| `int`           | `bool`        | `0` is `false`, anything else is `true`                                                                       | `1` → `true`   |
| `float`         | `int`         | Rounded to closest `int` (same as [`Mathf.Round`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Mathf.Round.html)) | `0.5` → `1`    |
| `float`         | `bool`        | `0.0` is `false`, anything else is `true`                                                                     | `0.5` → `true` |
| `bool`          | `int`         | `true` is `1`, `false` is `0`                                                                                 | `true` → `1`   |
| `bool`          | `float`       | `true` is `1.0`, `false` is `0.0`                                                                             | `true` → `1.0` |

```

Author: I think adding example and suggesting same type as expression type is very good. However, this type conversion will be applied to built-in parameters such as `GestureLeft` so I think it's not good to express this behavior with "expression parameter".

I'm sorry that in my first suggestion, "Expression Type" is used but I should write them as like "Source Type".

Reviewer: You're right! There should be an example of how it works with built-in types.

How's this?
```suggestion
### Mismatched Parameter Type Conversion

When you choose a [parameter type](/avatars/animator-parameters/#parameter-types) in your [animator](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/AnimationParameters.html), it's a good idea to choose the same type as the [built-in parameter](/avatars/animator-parameters/#parameters) or [custom parameter](/avatars/expression-menu-and-controls/#creating-an-expression-menu) you're trying to use. For example: If you use VRChat's built-in `AFK` parameter in your animator,  you should choose the type `bool`.

However, you *can* choose a mismatched type for your parameters. VRChat will try to convert the parameter's value to the type used by the animator. For example, if you choose the type `float` for your `AFK` parameter, VRChat will automatically set `AFK` to `1.0` or `0.0` instead of `true` or `false`. This also allows you to use the `AFK` parameter in your Animator's [Blend Tree](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/class-BlendTree.html).

The table below shows how converting a mismatched parameter changes it. 

| Expression Type | Animator Type |                                                    Conversion Behavior                                                   | Example        |
|:---------------:|:-------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|----------------|
| `int`           | `float`       | Directly converted to `float`.                                                                                | `1` → `1.0`    |
| `int`           | `bool`        | `0` is `false`, anything else is `true`                                                                       | `1` → `true`   |
| `float`         | `int`         | Rounded to closest `int` (same as [`Mathf.Round`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Mathf.Round.html)) | `0.5` → `1`    |
| `float`         | `bool`        | `0.0` is `false`, anything else is `true`                                                                     | `0.5` → `true` |
| `bool`          | `int`         | `true` is `1`, `false` is `0`                                                                                 | `true` → `1`   |
| `bool`          | `float`       | `true` is `1.0`, `false` is `0.0`                                                                             | `true` → `1.0` |
```

Reviewer: Feel free to make your own changes, too, and committing them to your branch!

Author: Thank you for anothe suggestion. It looks good and I applied the suggestion.
